README.md, before:

# How To Build a Commons
This organization exists to teach a class in the present and document the process for the future.
We recognize the existence of a Common Pool Resource bequeathed to us all by our students - their valuable time and attention and trust.

## Scope & Sequencing
This repository hosts the Scope & Sequencing document for the How To Build a Commons curriculum

## Governance Structure of Steering Committee
TBD

## Schedule of First Run
One hour long sessions, starting August 16, 2025.
This schedule reflects the first run under development. The [Scope & Sequencing document release](https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing/releases/latest) will integrate experience from the first run and record class sequencing decisions for the future.

### Session 1
Introduction  
Ostronomics 1 (Ostrom)

### Session 2
Ostronomics 2 

### Session 3
Consensus process 1 (Graeber)

### Session 4
Consensus process 2  
Types of Communities (Ludwig)

### Session 5
What is Property? (Locke, Bruenig, US Constitution)

Commit message:

limit PR to actuals as of session 4

README.md, after:

# How To Build a Commons
This organization exists to teach a class in the present and document the process for the future.
We recognize the existence of a Common Pool Resource bequeathed to us all by our students - their valuable time and attention and trust.

## Scope & Sequencing
This repository hosts the Scope & Sequencing document for the How To Build a Commons curriculum

## Governance Structure of Steering Committee
TBD

## Schedule of First Run
One hour long sessions, starting August 16, 2025.
This schedule reflects the first run under development. The [Scope & Sequencing document release](https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing/releases/latest) will integrate experience from the first run and record class sequencing decisions for the future.

### Session 1
Introduction  
Ostronomics 1 (Ostrom)

### Session 2
Ostronomics 2 

### Session 3
Consensus process 1 (Graeber)

### Session 4
Conflict Resolution 1 - clear communication, emotions in meetings  
Types of Communities brief intro (Ludwig)  
- ended early for community event
